#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
brotli==1.0.9
    # via py7zr
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via tox
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via paramiko
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via pydantic
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
inflate64==0.3.1
    # via py7zr
ipykernel==6.23.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.13.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
multivolumefile==0.2.3
    # via py7zr
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pyproject-api
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   tox
pandas==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via tox
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   py7zr
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py7zr==0.20.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pybcj==1.0.1
    # via py7zr
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via py7zr
pydantic[dotenv,email]==1.10.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyodbc==4.0.39
    # via -r requirements.in
pyppmd==1.0.0
    # via py7zr
pyproject-api==1.5.1
    # via tox
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via pydantic
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
pyzstd==0.15.7
    # via py7zr
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-cache==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.13
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
texttable==1.6.7
    # via py7zr
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
virtualenv==20.23.0
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
